I want to build a game like rainbet but with coins. Basically it is an online casino, where there are games like dice roll, minesweeper, plinko, heads or tails, blackjack, and free throw (very low chance of making shot but random reward if you do), but instead of money its coins. There should also be a profile page where you can edit an avatar, Skin tone, all free, hair, some free but cooler ones cost coins, shirt, White and black shirts free but cooler ones cost coins, pants, jeans and sweatpants free but cooler ones cost money, and face, some basic ones free but cooler ones cost coins. You should start off with a fair amount of coins, and get a daily wheel spin which has coin rewards. Also on the profile page, there should be equippable tags, everyone starts with Noob tag, but if you complete career quests you get them, for example 1 million coins equals color changing neon colored tag called "Millionaire", and you make up others. Make there daily quests for just coins, and career quests for coins and tags. Make it to where when you first get in, you have to make an account using username, display name and password. Username must be 5-24 characters, cannot be duplicated with someone else, and can't be inappropriate, display name must be 2-15 characters and cannot be inappropriate, and you make up the rules for the passwords. There should be a search list where you can search for peoples account and add them as a friend. Make one account already made. The username should be noah (i know it violates rules but listen), password is gobigorange811, and display name is Noah. This account should have everything (avatar) unlocked, and the tag called "developer" which displays as a gold text to others. This account can gift coins to anyone with no charge, and can set their own coins to anything (this is my account so..). They should also be able to send messages to everyone that lasts for 5 seconds before fading away, if possible. When you receive a friend request, you should have another page that says friends where you can see their stats, and be able to trade with them, like trading avatar items for coins. Also make a button at the top of the casino page that says lottery. People put coins into the lottery and the more coins they put in the higher their chances of winning are. Give 80% of all coins to a random person chosen by random based off of chances, give 9 percent to 2 other people (random) and the remaining 2% to noah. The lottery should last every seven days, and then reset back to 0. People should be able to see how much coins is in the lottery before they put something in. Give everyone who participates 2x luck for 10 games that way people don't waste coins.